11 Nov 2024 , TP1 , Interview SDET L1
Feedback :- 1 very precise and do not mvoe whiel interview

1. introduce yourself , key roles and responsibilities
2. what is diff Array and ArrayList
3. What is diff bt  HasSet and HasMap
5.write a program for input string "Automation Programming" Output String "xxtxmxtxxn Prxgrxmmxng".
6.//find out the statement and print it having maximum words  in the given paragraph.
 // String paragraph = "This is the first statement. Here is another, which is slightly longer. Finally, this is the longest statement in terms of word count in this paragraph.";
7. Can we override the constructor in java and why / Java support multiple inheritance
8. can we overload the constructor in java
9. what is diff super and this key word


Selenium :
1.How do you select particular submenu option in Menu  using selenium.
2. Hierarchy of Selenium interface

BDD :
1.How we can share the two step difinations
2. what is diff b/w datatable and Example Data table

RestAssured :

1.Authentication /Authorization
2. Create emp class and pass that data to create new emp and give the status code for success
Creating getter and setter using post class
3. status code
4.How to parse the complex json.
5.How to handle lengthy Json responses.

Git Commond :

1.what is diff bt git fetch and git pull
2.How to resolve the code conflicts

CI/CD :
1. do you have exp . CI /CD.
2. How to configure the project into it







HCL TP1 SDET

1.what is difference b/w robot and actions class
2. what is chromeoptions and desiredCapabilities and how to use it
3. when ever we will click on link and pop up  is displayed then how to handle it
4.webdriver implement classes
5. want to drag a value and draw the line how to handle and automate it
6. click on link then windows are open then I want to switch to index 21 windows and click on it --- hit store in set and convert sort to index (arraylist concept
7.
Java
Quest 8 : solve the program
int[] arr1 = { 1, 0, 3, 0, 9, 4, 6, 8, 0, 0, 7, 5 };
out : {1,3,4 ....  ,0 ,0,0 } how to do that
9. Panlindrom string
10. comparable and comparator interfaces
11 . Where we can use method overloading in selenium

Cucumber :
diff b/w background and hooks
datatable as List -- how to use as List
New things
how to push the code into the git repository
how to connect database using selenium
